.TH NORMALIZE-MP3 "1" "September 2001"
.SH NAME
normalize-mp3 - adjust levels of mp3 or ogg files by running
normalize(1), then re-encoding
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB normalize-mp3
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFILE\fR]...
\fB normalize-ogg
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFILE\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Normalize volume of mp3 or ogg files by decoding, running normalize,
and re-encoding.  This requires as much extra disk space as the
largest mp3 or ogg file, decoded.  Note that for batch and mix mode,
all files must be decoded, so there must be enough disk space for the
decoded copies of all specified mp3 and ogg files.
.TP
\fB\-\-ogg\fR
Convert files to OGG, regardless of original format
.TP
\fB\-\-mp3\fR
Convert files to MP3, regardless of original format
.TP
\fB\-\-bitrate\fR BR
Set bitrate of re-encoded file (default 128)
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fR TMP
Put temporary WAV files in temp directory TMP
.TP
\fB\-\-notags\fR
Do not copy ID3 or OGG tags to the output file
.PP
The following four options may be used to set the encoder and decoder
commands for mp3 and ogg vorbis.  %m is expanded to the name of the
mp3 or vorbis file, %w expands to the name of the temporary WAV file,
and %b expands to the bitrate, as specified by the --bitrate option.
Run \fBnormalize-mp3\fR with no arguments to see the default values.
.TP
\fB--mp3encode=\fIX\fR
mp3 encoder
.TP
\fB--mp3decode=\fIX\fR
mp3 decoder
.TP
\fB--oggencode=\fIX\fR
ogg vorbis encoder
.TP
\fB--oggdecode=\fIX\fR
ogg vorbis decoder
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Display this help and exit.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR
Display version information and exit.
.TP
\fBThese arguments are passed as arguments to normalize.
Run "normalize \fB\-\-help\fR" for more info.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR AMP
.TP
\fB\-g\fR ADJ
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
.TP
\fB\-T\fR THR
.TP
\fB\-b\fR
.TP
\fB\-m\fR
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
.TP
\fB\-q\fR
.TP
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <chrisvaill@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The
.B normalize(1)
Man page
.SH "NOTES"
This page was provided by Eduardo Maçan <macan@debian.org>
